Don't call IEnumerable<IUserEventHandler> from UserDisplayDriver (#17756)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/3.0.0.md

<hr />
```

#### Enabling & Disabling Users

> To centeralize the user enabling and disabling functionality, the `IsEnabled` property has been removed from the `EditUserViewModel`. Instead, you can now use the `Enable` and `Disable` buttons in the **Users List** to manage user status, which utilizes both `EnableAsync()` and `DisableAsync()` that have been added into `IUserService`.
> 
> This change streamlines user management by consolidating these actions into a single interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To centralize user activation and deactivation, the **"Is enabled?"** checkbox has been removed from the Edit User form. Instead, you can now enable or disable a user directly from the **Users List** by clicking the **Actions** button next to the user and selecting **"Enable"** or **"Disable"**.

To support this change, two new methods—`EnableAsync()` and `DisableAsync()`—have been added to `IUserService`, providing a more standardized approach to managing user status.
```
